hey guys this is Dave 2d and I didn't
realize it at the time but I was
actually above 200 subs when I made that
giveaway video so I didn't want your
odds to get any worse so I'm just going
to do the I'm just gonna do the raffle
right now
I'm just I took a list of the
subscribers I have I just copy and
pasted them into an excel so it's just a
list of 1 to whatever and I just have a
random number generator website I'm just
gonna punch the number and we'll go from
there
okay so there are total of 209 subs on
the list right now so minimum of 1
maximum of 209 generate 176 down the
list
176 176 okay Louise or Louis or Luis
Lopez Luis Lopez you've won yourself a
Dell Venue 8 78 40 so it's a nice tablet
I hope you enjoy so wherever you live in
the world I will ship it out to you yeah
I just hope that you enjoy it and I hope
you do an unboxing of some sort when you
get it
thanks again it's been nice I'll see you
guys next time